Stats: search query latency data types (#8431)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/pings.md

- Aggregate counts of current daily, weekly, and monthly users
- Aggregate counts of current users using code host integrations
- Aggregate counts of current users by product feature (site management, code search and navigation, code review, saved searches, diff searches)

> - Aggregate daily, weekly, and monthly latencies (in ms) of certain events (e.g., hover tooltips and search queries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aggregate daily, weekly, and monthly latencies (in ms) of certain events (e.g., code intel actions and search queries)
```

Author: "code intel actions and search queries" would be exhaustive right? So we don't need the "e.g.," any more. Going to remove that too.
